Made a general slack channel for ethereum/eth, feel free to join and chat about this emerging platform. If you are working on an ethereum related project feel free to request a sub channel and one will be created.
Trade Group Asks U.S SEC Not to Classify Ethereum as a Security
Go, bid and win some EXCLUSIVE chibi monsters (Hot Potato Style!) on chibifighters.io
Why Proof Of Weak Hands Is AMAZING!!! (Earn Free Ethereum, Check The Code Yourself, No Risk Of Exit Scam)
The Egret Engine will provide the Egretia BaaS SDK, which will allow easy access to blockchain for all Egret games. Through the Egretia BaaS SDK, developers can create blockchain games or migrate existing Egret games to blockchain games in an easy way. #egretia #blockchain
World's first wireless hardware wallet, enabling you to securely manage your ETH right on your iPhone or Android!
"Many Cryptocurrency investors welcome regulation" - Charlie Gasparino
Romantic Comedy About Bitcoin First Movie To Be Distrubuted Via Blockchain
[Lavenir] Ethereum based Cryptocurrency wealth management and lending platform, has launched its ICO
"Cryptocurrency Is A Trend That Cannot Be Ignored" - Jeffrey Sprecher, ICE CEO
Amazon.com: Please start accepting the Ethereum cryptocurrency (ETH) for payments!
Ecex Exchange - Ziggurat (ZIG) Token ICO Jackpot – 1 000 000 ZIG main prize will be played out on 20 April 2018! Click HERE for details. 10 000 ZIG winner every week!.
BitEsprit is an all-in-one cryptocurrency trading solution with built-in copy trading functionality, facilitating both Bitcoin and altcoin trading against fiat currencies.
Ethereum shows the positive attitude
Cryptocurrency Innovators Promise To Uplift Puerto Rico
Cryptocurrency Innovators Promise To Uplift Puerto Rico
Chance to get 1 ETH by making a short video
Interesting Forecasts for Ethereum Classic (ETC)
Musards is an online audio entertainment platform built on top of blockchain technology. Get 1250 Musards worth $800 for free %referral_code%
FISHBANK HAS HUGE PROFIT POTENTIAL! COLLECT, GROW, TRADE &amp; FIGHT CRYPTO FISH!
How To Play Fishbank, the Ethereum Blockchain, Crypto Collectibles, PVP Game
FISHBANK: A HOT NEW GAME ON THE ETHEREUM BLOCKCHAIN! COMPETE, HAVE FUN, EARN MONEY!
Are you interested in Bionic Smart Investing ?
Super Referral Campaign: Invite friends, earn ETH!
Ex-President Of Mexico, Vincente Fox Speaks On His Support Of Cryptocurrency
Hey guys! I'm the founder of The Mustachery! We are a luxury men's grooming store. We take over 100 cryptocurrencies as payment! If you use the code HODL at checkout you will get a 14% discount code (: Thanks themustachery.com
Bitcoin Market Dominance Rises, Transaction Fees Fall
CryptoGaming Discord - Chat, Game and Crypto in one place - earn free ETH too!
Interested in developing a crowd owned/funded corporation? Join the discussion!
A Better Kind of Wallet – Modular
In Crypto We Trust Long Sleeve T-Shirt
For Smart Blockchain Assets Such As Ethereum, Neo, EOS, ICON, Factory Banking Is The Next Innovation Leap Forward. Period.
Interested in the developing a crowd owned/funded public corporation?
Interested in developing crowdowned/funded public corporation?
German President Hopes Financial Sector Stems Cryptocurrency Bubble
Securing Mist keystores?
Hey Guys, I'm giving away 1 ETH and I don't have many subs so your chances of winning are actually pretty good!
Happy birthday to our lord and savior Vitalik Buterin! [x-post r/PrayerCoin]
ETH now accepted
Bigly game is happening over on Ethercraft.io. Huge RPG with tons of in-game items paying out rewards for early users! :) :)
Should I do the same TX twice &amp; expect something different to happen?
What's the Best Ethereum Wallet? How Satoshi Changed Our Reality &amp; How You Can Too Today in 360°
Submitted my ETH to my Bittrex address, but the TX shows different address, is my money lost?
New exchange offering a $500 fee credit when it opens for participation in survey.
Interesting move: Tether Finally Announces Their Support for Ethereum
Free STREETZ Tokens, Give Freely to the people on the STREETZ
earn free 100 sphere coin (erc20)... 22 days till they leave ICO
Ethereum slots, 50 free spins on sign up, FREE FAUCET GAME
Please help : I sent ETC to ETH (coinbase) address.
blockchain.info help
World Darts Championship #buyeth
There is an exchange better than this one. Coin base will take ages to support hard forks. At kucoin it’s normally a matter of 24hrs to see it in your account
Save Bill!!! I swear by God, I will have this lovely rabbit for New Year's Eve if my account doesn't show a balance of at least 1000ETH 0x574dBA7461E84592054B1f262742bBB6A3497983
can someone please help me understand these same transactions? is this bots talking to each other or what?
What is so new about a smart contract
Free Ether...big big pay outs!
will this increase the price of eth?
I want to sell my apartment using a smart contract. How do I do it?
Vitalik Buterin Reveals His Vision for Ethereum's Future
Cryptopay's founder George Basiladze is LIVE on Reddit AmA - Join in!
The BLOCKv Whitelist Closes Tomorrow. Join the list now!
An Australian University Is Giving Out Ether to Students
Would using the Eth name to attract beginners to the Ethereum platform be better?
How to create Simple Crypto Exchange in smart contract?
