Sign up and stay connected to your favorite communities.
Daily threads are fast paced! If you don't get an answer to your question, you can try phrasing it differently or commenting again tomorrow.
Screenshots
of article headlines without the article
of your favorite price ticker
of your exchange website
of your private chats
Wallet/Exchange/Network
recommendations
complaints
service outages
troubleshooting
fee estimation
unconfirmed transactions
All things price
hodling
the dip
the moon
price going up
price going down
technical analysis
price on your smart phone
price on your smart watch
Stuff you bought with Bitcoin
Hardware wallets
Lambos
Teslas
Pizza
Questions
Receiving Bitcoin
Sending Bitcoin
Earning Bitcoin
Storing Bitcoin
Buying Bitcoin
Selling Bitcoin
That thing your coworker said
Bitcoin Showerthoughts
Random music videos
Bitcoin license plates
Interesting threads
Future speculation
News of the day
Memes, GIFs
Twitter links
Your price screenshots and repetitive submissions are being removed, so please stop submitting them!
sent a little btc back to gdax to sell, and it promptly tanked. goddamn it.
*Nevermind...
(Could some one else do this please, I'm getting bored.)
IT'S UNDER 9000
ITS OVER 9000
I've been putting in all my spare fiat since late last year, and though the price is important, what's MORE IMPORTANT is the fact that every day the crypto industry as a whole is getting more developed and adopted- and daddy BTC gets more exposure. The future is bright :D
lel, 303 BTC sell wall @9310 on gdax. Somebody use Jedi mind tricks to make it disappear.
Alright boys. Get ready for the biggest pumped weekend ever. 3....2.....1.....
Hope so, was a disappointing week.
COME ON BULLS!
Dump time in the US
Hopefully the Asian market is more positive.
1 more reply
Btc keep going up...yeah baby! :)
Finally got my nano ledger....aaannnnnnd it doesn't work
This is a propaganda against hodlers.
Where did you order from?  I bought one a few days ago from the official website. I heard a lot of people had problems with the Amazon ones.
Like at all? Over the last year they added a lot of things to it that made it a little more complicated to use. It’s possible you are in the wrong chain or network
A lot of people on here are spoiled brats who have no idea how markets work, btc is up quite a bit from yesterday, yet people are bitching because it went down a little in the past hour? Every investment/currency goes up and down, the key is going up more than you go down, if you are gonna freak out every time it goes down, than you shouldn't be investing in anything, let alone crpto where the swings are a lot larger.
I believe many people here actually bought in higher than the current price. Theyre not spoiled but either scared or losing hope.
The price of greed.  And people yelling wild speculations of 100k, 500k or 1m aren't helping the situation.
I think it's mostly short-sellers trying to spread panic once the price drops a little, in the hopes that it'll drop further and they profit.
This.
That.
The other thing
These.
Those.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqOIwPXfiiw
You talk like an over privileged whale yourself. Yea people freak out because many have invested their hard earned money without having seen any gains and only negative return on their return. It’s very normal to freak out when whales are constantly manipulating the market. Yea maybe these peoples shouldn’t be investing but it’s addictive especially when you’re trying to recoup your losses. Your arrogance and condescending attitude is not necessary here, you ass.
Sorry bro, but people who chose to invest in cryptos should know jolly well that it's a speculative market with wild price swings.
No sympathy when they lose their pants.
1 more reply
why people are shorting now is beyond me. Begging to be burnt. Been saying it all week lol
TA: A bit wibbly wobbly at the mo.
I disagree. It's going straight up. Soon we'll reach the end of the wedge and then it'll have to decide...
https://i.imgur.com/Y4y39Xq.png
I've never had my expert analysis questioned before - but I admire the complexity of your chart.
Actually, I did hide many lines... ;-)
Here is a zoomed out version, so you understand the origin of those lines...
https://i.imgur.com/yYh3inb.png
Where is the big resistance, guys ? 9400 ?
resistance is futile
This is probably the wrong place to ask. As a freelance graphic designer that's never worked in coding or anything along those lines, how would I get in touch with someone coding a wallet so I could help out with a the UI design? I just think it would be cool to use a wallet that I helped out with.
If they have a website, they usually have a means of getting into contact. Either via email or via contact form, or twitter or facebook.
Cool, thanks.
Thanks
You're welcome.
What a charming chap that was.
1 more reply
I am considering that perhaps bulls were merely consolidating liquidity during the previous $100 upwards pump + dump, since they didn't attempt to defend the gains. Could be interesting. If 9.2k holds, possibly a good sign, if it doesn't, back to 8.8k perhaps.
[EDIT] I know that some bulls out there have been doing great. If it turns out that you don't have sufficient backing at 9.2k then that's not your fault. If you get backing, then let's hope that backing sticks for a while. The sell pressure has been a bit hard lately at these levels.
Bogdanoff, plz. Letz 9k be ze bottom.
GDAX leading the dump again, New York preparing for the weekend
Gdax always dumps hardest cause there is no shorting
Yeah that made sense..
What's with the...is that supposed to be sarcasm? shorting creates buying pressure next time it dumps hard compare bitmex to gdax
How does shorting create buying pressure? When price drops, long positions on Bitmex get liquidated. GDAX doesn't have that problem.
I'm not denying that GDAX drops harder than Bitmex, your reasoning just seems weird.
shorting creates buying pressure next time it dumps hard compare bitmex to gdax
Please, do explain.
It's not shorting, he got it the wrong way round.
It's long positions on margins.  When price drops, long positions on margins get liquidated and selling is forced by the exchange.  Which creates more selling pressure.
When you short something what do you do to close your position?
To be honest, I won't really have confidence in any sudden pumps right now. I'd rather see some stabilization at a point where the price can be defended properly. First we need to test where the floor is.
If sellers are so eager to sell, let them sell plenty at sub 9k, then we might ascend again with less sell pressure.
wtf just happened?
https://cryptowat.ch/markets/bitfinex/btc/usd/5m
WTF
Wow. Soros fat fingered a trade lol.
Dafuk was that
Above 9k at this weekend would be a progress and appreciated so we can start the 10k rallye next week with fresh money
huge fight at 9350 at bitfinex now. if it falls, we might dip a bit
east coast taking as back again, weak hands
is it really the rally towards 10k
No.......
y
say .....yah
Vroom vroom
Potential cup and handle playing out?
What is a minimum functional amount when attempting to buy dips in BTC?  To clarify what I mean is, Whats the least amount to use to make a day trade while absorbing the fees?
fees should just be a percentage of the overall value of the trade.  multiply your buy/sell x 100bps (or whatever your fee is) and subtract that from your profit.
Also multiply by .28 to set aside the tax pmt for uncle scam
Are these little pull backs bear traps?
Lower.
I think we're about to see sharp move up on Bitcoin. Falling wedge which is about to close. Those normally have sharp reversals.
Thought so...
Hi guys, a quick question: I was wondering about an aspect of margin trading. I don't know wether this is important but let's say I got 10,000 USD in my margin account. I would like to know what is the difference between opening a short position of 5 BTC volume with 2x leverage and 2BTC volume with 5x leverage, I would have thought that I would get the same gains as long as the price dips right? I just want to confirm wether my knowledge is on point.
Exposure is exposure. The margin is simply how much money you have to open the trade.  So in your example you have either $50 000 or $20 000 to trade. $10 000 x 5 leverage or $10 000 x 2 leverage.
How much of that you use (your exposure) determines your profits or losses. The temptation is always to put down a bigger position, so you only have $10k of your own funds, but you can put down $25k (this is your exposure) on a position and incur profits and losses of the $25k position, not the $10k you have.
You have to be extremely careful with margin on Crypto's. These things lose up to 50% or gain up to 100% in a few hours. So lets say you chose to go 5:1 and put down $25 000 on a short and Bitcoin doubles. You'll lose your account and then some. In fact it will be a loss of -$12 500 and you only have a $10 000 account.
The correct use of margin is actually to reduce broker or third party exposure. So instead of depositing $10 000 with your broker, you only deposit $2000. But with the margin you still have $10 000 to trade. That way if the broker folds you still have 80% of your money left. If your position gets into trouble you can bail yourself temporarily and remove the money again when the crises is over.  This reduces the amount of time your money is exposed to a third party's risk.
Hope that helps and made it a bit clearer.
But why male models?
You have to be extremely careful with margin on Crypto's. These things lose up to 50% or gain up to 100% in a few hours. So lets say you chose to go 5:1 and put down $25 000 on a short and Bitcoin doubles. You'll lose your account and then some. In fact it will be a loss of -$12 500 and you only have a $10 000 account.
Yes it would, look it's very simple. All the leverage does is give you more money. to trade. A $10k position short at 5:1 will give you exactly the same losses as a $10k position at 1:1.
A $10k position is $10k regardless of  your leverage and will incur the same loss or profit at 5:1, 3:1 or 1:1. $10k is $10k.
The broker will margin call you when their requirements are no longer met. So $25k position at 50% loss would be -$12.5. You only had $10k, so yes, account is gone.
I think you are confusing him further.
Assuming that BTC is $10k and his initial fund is $10k.  In which case, he can:
a.  Short 1 BTC (1x leverage, 100% equity)
b.  Short 2 BTC (2x leverage, 50% equity)
c.  Short 4 BTC (4x leverage, 25% equity)
Assuming 0% maintenance, he loses his $10k when:
a.  BTC reach $20k with 1 BTC
b.  BTC reach $15k with 2 BTC
c.  BTC reach $12.5k with 4 BTC
Anyway, he can't lose more than $10k.  Exchanges will impose a maintenance margin (e.g. bitfinex is 15%).  In which case, no matter how much he has leveraged, the exchange will liquidate and force sell when he loses $8,500.  Bitfinex's max leverage is 40% equity or 2.5x.
Tell that to the crowd that owned Chf at 50:1 two years ago or so.
The brokers do their best, but if you're in the market with leverage there is no guarantee the broker can get you out before it goes negative. In the Chf example the change happened in 1 tick. From one quote to the next there was a 50% value change and nothing in between. Some brokers went under because of it.
2 more replies
1 more reply
No difference.  If x is the price change:
5x X 2 = 2x X 5 = 10x.
With 10k, your account is cleaned out when:
a.  Price drop by $1k when you go long. b.  Price increase by $1k when you go short.
In both scenario's your cash equity is $10,000 at the time the trade closes.  You are able to short 10 BTC with proceeds from the short sale being $100,000 ($10,000/btc) leaving $110,000 as your total assets, but your equity will be $110,000-10*BTC so as the price of bitcoin drops the value of your equity increases so both cases are the same.
I don't know how to margin trade, but I just have to tell you that if you came to this sub to ask how to short BTC, people will probably think you're trolling :)
Oh snap, I thought I was in the right place. Do you know which sub would be more appropiate?
No worries, hopefully someone can help you out with an answer. I wish I could. I'm a bit new to all of this.
r/bitcoinmarkets
is Mt Gox reason for this dip ?
no
7 more replies
Pump eet
Daddy Yankee: Rompe Rompe Rompe Rompe, Pump it Pump it Pump it Pump it
Well, the Europeans don't seem to be too bullish. I guess we'll have to thank the Asians for saving the day...
what did you say? ;)
Just returned from buying my breakfast rolls. What happened? Lol!
I hope this green candle will make us go to 10,000 today.
Europe wakes up
Europeans woke up, read crypto could go to 40T USD Mcap
Green candles.
Meanwhile, over on the naughty step:
There's fucking nothing to talk about, except whinging, moaning and more mad conspiracy theories.
Which is supposed to be some sort of advertising genius tag-line - well it would be, if it wasn't wanky and embarrassingly poor.
Actually, most of their posts are about this forum.
Europe wakes up ...
... and goes back to sleep.
There is a strong, smart, pissed off generation coming up. I’m 26 and I don’t think my generation has the vision nor any older generation but my nephews are 11 and know this stuff better than most people.
If it’s not adopted soon, it will idle for ten years and than explode but we don’t know what this world will do this year. It’s crazy. I work in military. The coming years don’t look good. We need this now. I wish my generation and up were smart enough to realize that we need adoption now or we ourselves wont enjoy the freedom it brings. It’s mind numbing why bitcoin supports aren’t as passionate for adoption as the scam artist Ver is passionate scamming people. I hate the man. He stole money from me and my family with his bait and switch but I like his passion that he knows we need adoption now, not later.
Don't listen to BTC4TRADE - he's a concern troll.
1 more reply
Friday, the legendary FOMO Day.
casual fomo friday
Good morning everyone, just arrived to work and it is nice to see that we are above $9,300. Hopefully, we see some more ppl buy more btc especially since today is payday. I receive a bonus today so might put some of the money on crypto. Also, I hope we get to 10k by the weekend and hold it there in order for us to go above the $10k mark next week.
jinxed
nice to see that we are above $9,300
That didn't age well...
2 more replies
This market needs to stop letting Ver add confusion. It’s getting criminal!!  If people want to buy Bcash, let them but don’t allow Ver to do  the bait and switch!! If my parents got conned, there has to be thousands of other pissed off families. Ideology (I know Andreas says no one owns the name) has to stop that no one owns the name when people (adoption) looking to use bitcoin are getting scammed out of thousands of dollars. Congress will act if we don’t. Please step up and don’t let this continue.
Congress?  I think they got to pretend to do more important things :)
1 more reply
2 more replies
Where do you guy see the price in late juli or early August
On my display.
Can’t argue with that
20k+
It doesn't matter, it only matters what the price is in late august
Let's be honest, late august is just early as fuck september.
A kabillion.
Somewhere between 1k and 10k
Which do you want to know?  Late July or Early August?  Two very different time frames we’re dealing with here.
Let’s say late July
Ok, now we’re getting somewhere.  I’d say somewhere between $1000 and $20,000.
I hope it’s either $999 or $20,001.
1 more reply
22k
~$7k
What do we think of bitcoinwisdom.com? I've used it for tracking price for years but are there better alternatives?
Nice question.
Never heard of this website. You should probably sell it if its not doing well.
I think it's time soon for the next leg up...
But maybe only to test 9.4k, because that's the upper border of the uptrend channel. Will be hard to break that...
ooops
MEW hacked! If I had a Satoshi for every time I have seen or heard someone say, just a matter of time for MEW, I'd be mooning. Offline MEW folks. Difficult and time consuming to do, but well worth it. Fuckin scumbag thieves!
what are you talking
the MyEthereumWallet online wallet site got hacked
Ehm.nope? Dns issues..if you use cryptonite or take the warning seriuosly you are fine.
You're right. It wasn't a hack in which they broke into people's wallets without their control. But what was done can still be termed a "hack," can it not? It seems like we're arguing semantics here..
if it was a DNS issue, then it's not a hack at all, and it's not arguing semantics - if my car breaks down so that I can't get to my bank, my bank has not been hacked
But the DNS servers didn't break down -- someone hijacked them to redirect MEW customers to a phishing website in Russia. It's a fair point to say that the site itself was not hacked, but this was clearly a hack.
So even if the MEW URL was correct -- you used your bookmarked URL that you always used successfully before --  you got misdirected to the phishing site?  If so, that is huge. How can you tell?
Apparently fools just ignored the warning that the site was insecure -- incredible. How could anybody do that?
https://www.helpnetsecurity.com/2018/04/25/myetherwallet-dns-hijacking/
Here is an article that explains how it was apparently done. I wasn't affected by it personally. I don't know why people store their coin on a website they're not trading on.
Who got hacked? You?
No, not me. New news. DNS hack last night. Wouldn't touch MEW with a ten foot pole. Glad I never did. Next up, Metamask folks
Please don't be another trap....
MACD and RSI cools off but didnt go further down.  I have good hopes on this.
Thou shall not pass 9.2k!
bitcoin.org
Big ol' dump
You mean pump?
Did Charlie Shrem ever get 1% of all bitcoin?
Eur is dumping hard they normally buy when US is selling :''))
https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/bitcoin-transactionfees.html#3m
It is worrisome that fees are going up no matter how insignificant. Segwit and Lightning should fix this problem by now. It’s the #1 indicator we look at abd if it continues going up, it can’t be a currency. As soon as we approach $10k, fees go up. It shows what would happen if it goes back to ATH.
People should learn to look up there own fee rather than use the wallet default which is normaly alot higher than needed.
Thank you for the info! :)
Lightning Network won't affect fees until ppl can actually use it to pay for daily goods. That's still a ways away, we need more channels open, more nodes, and more liquidity available. That will come with time as the applications that use LN and make it more accessible to users are developed, and as more stores start accepting it. There's a network effect with LN where we need to reach larger adoption before it really becomes useful. When it does, it will start chewing away at on-chain transaction fees since a lot will be off-chain. Until then, help support LN and persuade vendors to support it :)
3 more replies
Hey guys I'm a noob so forgive my noobness but had a question. I'm new to the crypto game and bought some bitcoin this morning and transferred it to my binance account. It's been over 10 hours and I still haven't received it in binance. I double checked the wallet address from the sending app and it's correct. Is this normal for bitcoin? I'm kind of freaking out. Should I be?
Thats not normal. Where u bought the btc? And youve sent it to the deposit adress which is shown on binance?
yeah the depost address in binance matches the address I sent it to. I'm 100% certain on this aspect. I bought in the IOS cash app which doesn't note teh transaction ID so I can't check confirmations like in other apps...last time I use this app I know that. ..and thanks for the response thomas
This isn't normal, maybe post some screenshots so we can see whats going on?
I looked on the blockchain for the address I sent it to and there's no record at all so something's up. I sent a message to support for the cash app and I'll post what they tell me when they respond. Thanks everyone for your quick responses I really appreciate it.
they just posted about withdrawal issues so I think I'm good. I just have to be patient. Thanks everyone for taking the time to respond.
https://www.issquareup.com/
Lol check your email, maybe you gotta confirm the transfer
If we go back under 9k, at least that will be interesting.
Friday evenings are usually big pumps so
Question: Why are companies attempting to represent digital assets with non-Bitcoin blockchain tokens? What is the meat and potatoes of the reason? (Referring to things like the 'Eliocoin' not any of the Roger nonsense.)
Why can't the types of functionality that allow for these digital assets tokens, just be a normal part of the primary Bitcoin chain?
Is this the inspiration for Gmaxwell's sidechain crew?
Cause they can’t control Bitcoin? Cause they want centralized tokens?
1 more reply
God damn we gotta hold the 9000 wall.
This miner is hodling his proceeds and keeping them off the market.
Yo welcome! :D
TA: Classic 9k teaser pattern continues to consolidate.
I swear there are only like five people buying and selling right now. How can it be that I set to buy at a certain price and NOBODY else's trades aggregate to my price? - Say I'm buying 0.05214 BTC at $9150.01 the amount of BTC stays at 0.05214 at $9150.01 as I wait for my order to get filled.
They spent all their money on shitcoins..  :)
Because the current price on your exchange is higher and people will prefer to sell to buyers who are offering higher price.
Duh?
It could be your exchange has low volume. Which one are you using?
1 more reply
Does anyone know the Binance actual time gap  between "trades" and "24hour" +/- percentage". Can't really be 24hrs, is it?
I don't use binance, but I can tell you that UTC is the official timezone for Bitcoin trading. e.g. daily candles close and open at 0:00 UTC.
I clicked that button to get that new interface on reddit. Can't stand it. How do I get the old one back. Sorry, wrong thread. Just a quick if anyone knows. Thanks
Let the weekend pump begin!
Well that didn’t last
Very far from over. I think we'll go take out the high of that spike.
I’m hoping for that too😆
$10k next 24 hours, maybe even $11k
I ll buy you a Kookaburra cricket kit if it does happen.
Cricket not very big where I am. You can send one of them mini golf things.
1 more reply
Nearly 10.000 coins traded in 5 minutes on Bitfinex.
2 more replies
152 more replies
